[Music]
rush hour in different countries like
you've never seen
[Music]
move it let's go you're stuck in your
car in what seems like an endless flow
of other vehicles you get stuck in
traffic jams on your way to work or to
the airport to pick up your friends that
crazy nerve-racking time is called rush
hour and you wish you could fly away to
the other side of the world to escape it
do you want to see how the world looks
during the busiest hours of the day some
of the contrasts are truly fascinating
Beijing China
let's start our journey in the most
populous country in the world China land
of dragons and Emperor's and the
inventor of many things from paper to
ice-cream is often called the factory of
the world it is rich in sites already
but in 2010 it got an extra point of
interest China National Highway 110
traffic jam on the Beijing jiangha hue
highway put any other traffic congestion
x' we have seen to shame and it started
to form in August 2010 tip thousands of
vehicles for more than 60 miles stuck in
traffic and lasted for more than 10 days
it stretched from the outskirts of
Beijing all the way to the border of
Inner Mongolia locals by the highway
took advantage of this situation and
started selling goods like water instant
noodles and cigarettes and inflated
prices to the stranded drivers a bottle
of water for example could be purchased
here for 15 yuan when normally it costs
1 yuan by late August 2010 the traffic
jam mostly melted away
Dhaka Bangladesh
land of Bengals legends and rivers also
known as Bangladesh welcomes you the
country's capital Dhaka is known as
rickshaw capital of the world the four
hundred thousand cycle rickshaws run
through the city each day fewer tourists
you will definitely find the rickshaws
incredibly cute and want to ride in one
of those however a nine mile ride in a
rickshaw can take two to three hours and
it will not be enjoyable because of the
dust exhaust fumes extreme heat and
noises traffic laws are not observed
here so vehicles move in some crazy
dance
a local newspaper called Daily Star even
published an article titled
5 things to do while stuck in traffic it
suggested drivers catch up with friends
read a journal and not get too
frustrated
Venice Italy
our next stop needs no introduction we
all love pizza pasta and beautiful
architecture don't we people whose life
is so dolce have no other choice but to
celebrate love in every way who else
would invent the most romantic looking
vessel in the world the gondola is the
symbol of Venice and no visit is
complete without a ride believe it or
not gondolas can also get stuck in
traffic and have their rush-hour on busy
days 1600 vessels pass under the rialto
bridge every 10 hours in the last few
years there have been discussions going
on as to the new traffic regulations for
gondolas one of them not allowing for
gondolas to group around in the canals
might put an end to a tradition of
serenading gondolas as sad as it sounds
traffic safety is important even when it
comes to romantic traditions
[Music]
chattisgarh India
we are leaving sunny Italy for a land
that also has more than enough sunshine
along with incredibly spicy food bright
sarees and rich history India is the
second most populous country in the
world and where you're only talking
about human population in this country
everything is possible everything
including cattle traffic jams in the
Hindu tradition the cow is honored and
garland in it has a life full of respect
and its own rush hour unafraid of
traffic cows often cause road accidents
as speeding vehicles have to stop dead
or make crazy turns to avoid hitting the
holy creatures drivers can do nothing
but wait and try to convince the cow to
move along while the mighty cow has a
freedom to wander wherever she prefers
some cattle traffic jams are human-made
in some Indian cities cattle owners take
their cows to a busy street in the
morning and leaves them there for four
to five hours so that people would feed
them
you think you've seen it all coming up
next is one of the most unusual jobs in
the world inspired by traffic jams train
attendants at work in Tokyo Japan in the
Land of the Rising Sun where buildings
reach the sky and trains our super
high-speed rush-hour gives birth not
only to anger but a special job function
a pusher is a legit job in Tokyo it
requires you to push people onto the
train at a railway station during
morning and evening rush hours nearly 40
million passengers ride the rail every
day so there is a lot of work to do for
a pusher their task is to somehow fit
twice the number of passengers into a
subway carriage the first pushers were
mostly students working part-time at
Tokyo Shinjuku Station they were called
passenger arrangement staff nowadays
there are no full-time pushers either
this function is filled by the station
staff and part-time workers who take
turns to do this important job
[Music]
Siem Reap Cambodia
remember we said that rush hour would
find you anywhere we meant it
Cambodia well known for its ancient
temple ruins is no exception
traffic was such a big issue around Siem
Reap local authorities decided to take
action and try to regulate it the issue
the law banning vehicles to travel on
the road in front of famous Angkor Wat
temple only tourists going there by foot
or riding bicycles were allowed near it
frustrated drivers and hours of waiting
were not the only reason for this
decision apparently the vibrations
caused by vehicles could harm the
ancient temples the number of cars
driving around them just got too high in
the past years as a result the 2.1
million tourists who visit the site each
year along with locals now find
themselves in a different kind of
rush-hour the traffic jams here are now
composed of bikes of all generations
let's leave them as we move on to our
next destination the best is yet to come
London Great Britain
welcome to the land of shakespeare
pudding and 5 o'clock tea Great Britain
is home to real ladies and gentlemen
delays on London's roads make those
ladies and gentlemen endure 39 minutes
of extra travel time each day or 149
hours a year a study has revealed a
study has found Tuesday is when morning
rush hour is the worst in London and
Thursday has the most terrible evening
rush hour
it makes drivers pretty nervous let's
see if they remember their manners once
it's time to get in a crowded rush-hour
train
London has the world's oldest
underground railway the busiest station
Waterloo receives 100 point 3 million
passengers per year
other stations can also get so busy it
makes you want to find the legendary
Harry Potter platform 9 and 3/4 maybe it
will be less crowded
Moscow Russia
[Music]
the mysterious land of eternal winter
weird food and rarely smiling people do
you still think bears are walking its
streets if so we hate to break it to you
but it's not exactly the thing welcome
to Moscow Russia's capital with a
population of over 12 million people the
traffic jams get so huge during rush
hour it seems like you could read the
entire Tolstoy's war and peace as you
wait to pass by in 2012 the Russian
capital survived the longest traffic jam
in its history snow is not an unusual
reason for bad traffic in Moscow but
this time it outperformed itself a
catastrophic Blizzard got people stuck
in traffic for as long as three days
things got so bad the authorities even
set up tents on the roads to provide
drivers with hot drinks blankets and
other items from winter survival kits
the traffic jam was a hundred and twenty
five miles long and it took the average
truck at least 13.5 hours to get through
it
take it into consideration if you are
planning a trip to Moscow and maybe
choose summertime for your travels
[Music]
South Paulo Brazil
on the other side of the world is Sun
and ocean kissed fun-loving Brazil life
there might seem like an eternal
carnival in fact it's not all about
Samba Friday evenings are a commuters
worst nightmare in South Paolo traffic
jams in both directions in and out of
the city stretch for as long as a
hundred and twelve miles on average on a
terrible traffic day they can extend to
183 miles locals say it often takes them
over two hours to commute to and from
work traffic jams however are not only
an eternal source of frustration for
Brazilian Fabiana Crespo for example
traffic jams gave a start to a love
story it was in the middle of rush-hour
traffic where she met her one and only
they were both stuck in vehicles moving
or more like standing on parallel lanes
after flirting through the car windows
Maurizio managed to convince Fabiana to
give him her phone number and they lived
happily ever after
taxi park in Kampala Uganda
when you think of Uganda you probably
imagine endless fabulous landscapes
wildlife exotic traditions and bright
colors it is all out there along with
traffic jams Kampala Uganda's capital
experiences huge traffic problems and
things get worse when it rains it can be
explained by two reasons
awful road conditions and poor drainage
systems unable to cope with pouring
streams heavy rains turned the whole
city into a total mess
the stretches of jams are not that long
but drivers still have to spend hours
trying to get to places maneuvering on
these terrible roads
[Music]
tree ride in Bangladesh
you thought the Tokyo and London trains
were overcrowded prepare to be amazed as
we take you on a train ride in
Bangladesh now how do you like this
impressive huh to be honest it is not
always that bad
it happens around the rush time of the
year bish wha-eet GEMA annual gathering
of Muslims in the outskirts of Dhaka
translated as world congregation it is
attended by over 5 million devotees from
a hundred and fifty countries who want
to celebrate unity solidarity mutual
love and respect their goal is to get to
the festival grounds by the river to
Iraq well familiar with the problem of
the rush period the local government
decided to split the festival into four
phases by districts for half of
Bangladeshi participants to attend in
2016 and the remaining half in 2017
foreigners are allowed to participate in
any of the phases
[Music]
Palermo Italy
this country deserves a second honorary
mention in our list we are talking about
Italy and here's why the fun-loving
somewhat crazy Italians use plenty of
gestures in their lexicon and have a
good lesson to teach us all live life to
the fullest and enjoy every second of it
no rush hour or traffic jam can ruin the
day for local people they even manage to
play sports in the midst of a traffic
jam keep it up and don't let rush-hour
take over your mood no matter where it
finds you don't forget to click
Subscribe and give thumbs up if you've
enjoyed this video join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]
you